AKCA Welcome to the second exercise in this section.
Again we have three questions for you to answer.
So let's take a look.
The first question is saying from the Products table select the name and price of all products with
a coffee origin equal to Colombia or Indonesia and then ordered by name from 8 to Zed and then the second
question is saying from the Orders table.
Select all the orders from February 2017 for customers with IDs of two four six or eight.
And then finally the third question is saying from the Customers table.
Select the first name and phone number of all customers whose last name contains the pattern.
So once you've completed all three questions I'll see you in the next video for the solutions.
Thank you.